hey guys what's happening um I just got
this laptop today and felt like I wanted
to do in boxing because I didn't see any
videos on YouTube and this is the
toshiba satellite m 6 45 s 40 70 and
yeah so I'll leave all the specs in the
video so let's get this baby on box all
right so normal thing got the power cord
right there of course I bought it at
best buy great deal only seven seven
hundred dollars got all the pack for it
God all the stuff that knee that's got
the quick start here as you can see that
quick start and here's a here's a laptop
right here never it is right there
toshiba m 2 45 right here yeah it's a
pretty good looks nice Scott all this
it's got a rough and then call that's
got blu-ray on it it's got an i5 it's
got blu-ray on it no I think I already
said that though and the keyboards are
really nice there they feel good too
freakin type on and so let's go over to
the side it's only a 14 inch computer
first of all we got two USB ports right
there you're lame it's a hundred and
10 100 thing and then it's got the a
headset the mic HDMI the e SATA and then
the I forget what you call that but it's
were next turn on monitor and then
that's where the power goes there's
nothing on the back and then right here
this shows the power the that it's on
the battery the hard drive the memory
and then you got your Wi-Fi and then you
got the other thing I mean that's where
you put your memory cards and for your
for your was a call for your thing I'm
glad for your video camera and so I
should have a review on this laptop
coming up shortly and yes this is the
m26 for the m6 45 as 4070 and yeah so
comment rate and subscribe there will be
a review shortly peace